come out
Emgrand's mastermind is here
Which one of you is the boss?
We took it
What did you say?
Our child has been poisoned by you in the hospital
Still in ICU, life and death unknown
You murderer
Hello everyone
There will be no problem with the dishes in the hotel.
There must be some misunderstanding
Misunderstanding that everyone has been eaten into the hospital, and there is still a misunderstanding
I see you as the one who is not afraid to see
We have invited your local lord group.
Leave the sea quickly
Shut up!
Brother, they were sent by you
I see very little behind the scenes.
It's you.
Don't talk nonsense
What's wrong with your hotel food?
But if you agree to my terms
It's okay, I can still open the door for you
I don't need to be at the store an hour tomorrow
Oh, it does?
Then I'd like to see what you should do.
Close the door for me
All of you behind the scenes are going to jail.
That's right, close the door and go to jail